README.md, before:

# Strip

Strip is a simple [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) theme for comic strip blogging with a single post layout compatible with [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

Sample page: [https://uladzmi.github.io/strip/](https://uladzmi.github.io/strip/).

## Get started

- [Fork](https://github.com/uladzmi/strip/fork) or [create a new repository](https://github.com/uladzmi/strip/generate) from Strip template.
- See [Setting up a GitHub Pages site with Jekyll](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll) to start using Strip right away with GitHub Pages.
- Running
  ```bash
  > ./serve.sh
  ```
  locally will serve the site to [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) from [Docker container](https://www.docker.com/), there is no need to install Ruby etc.
- See [Jekyll Docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/) for project structure and Jekyll step by step tutorial.

## Features

- Single post layout with the latest comic on home page.
- Random post (press space bar / click on the fly image).
- Post tagging.

## References

#### Project

- [Lagrange Jekyll theme](https://github.com/LeNPaul/Lagrange)

#### Sample posts

- [Comic images](https://pixabay.com/users/pencilparker-7519217/)
- [Navigation icons](https://pixabay.com/users/openclipart-vectors-30363/)

Commit message:

Update header (#3)
* Update header

* Move post header to site header

Co-authored-by: uladzislau.mikula <uladzislau.mikula@klarna.com>

README.md, after:

# Strip

Strip is a simple [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) theme for comic strip blogging with a single post layout compatible with [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

Sample page: [https://uladzmi.github.io/strip/](https://uladzmi.github.io/strip/).

## Get started

- [Fork](https://github.com/uladzmi/strip/fork) or [create a new repository](https://github.com/uladzmi/strip/generate) from Strip template.
- See [Setting up a GitHub Pages site with Jekyll](https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll) to start using Strip right away with GitHub Pages.
- Running
  ```bash
  > ./serve.sh
  ```
  locally will serve the site to [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) from [Docker container](https://www.docker.com/), there is no need to install Ruby etc.
- See [Jekyll Docs](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/) for project structure and Jekyll step by step tutorial.

## Features

- Single post layout with the latest comic on home page.
- Random post (press enter or click on the fly image).
- Post tagging.

## References

#### Project and site layout

- [Lagrange Jekyll theme](https://github.com/LeNPaul/Lagrange)
- [MonkeyUser.com](https://www.monkeyuser.com/)

#### Sample posts

- [Comic images](https://pixabay.com/users/pencilparker-7519217/)
- [Navigation icons](https://pixabay.com/users/openclipart-vectors-30363/)
